# Bik Bok
Mysterious skeleton that the main party came across within the Dead Woods. When last encountered he was seemingly regrowing his flesh and disappeared out of existence. Potentially an old Troikian alive before the Ethereal Dawn.

## Identity Search
## Founding The Mythic Dawn
After encountering the [[Episodes#Main|main]] party. Bik Bok began to regain some of his memories, and as a result began to reassume a more normal form. He went from a skeleton with a single eye to a skeleton somehwat covered in flesh and muscle, one eye seemingly blind (left), and the other steadily shifting colors (right). He started to become drawn to sources of [[Dimensional Flux]], initially starting trying to go to the [[Maphic Tower]], though it proved too strong for him, and he was unable to retain a form passing through. So he moved on to Goreane, initially being chased (and killed a few times) out of the eastern and northern entrances by terrified locals, he found The Thumb, populated with those who didn't bother him or were even afraid of him. He made his way through [[The Thumb#The Ruin Town]], and eventually found his way through the weaving tunnels, not dared traveled by others as even the most down trodden of Troika are aware of the threats of [[Dimensional Flux]]. When he came out of the journey unscathed, and even improved, with amounts of flesh, muscle, and tendon, that covered his entire body, he became an object of worship in a way. He used his power to improve the lives of the people who came to him, providing them with some protection from the dimensional flux, organizing the people to help eachother. While he provides enough to protection for the dimensional flux to not outright kill people, it is not quite enough to make people completely immune. Specifically those who went into the Head with him, considering themselves to be the most devoted, often came out with deformities.

Some of that original sect, those either too lost in devotion, or with malicious intent, went on to spread the story of Bik Bok, The Flayed Man, The Skinless God, The One of Flux, to the rest of the continent, starting more sects. Though such stories either don't reach Bik Bok or he simply doesn't pay attention to them when he is told. He's literally just vibin right now.