# The Ethereal Dawn 

A thousand years ago, the world was normal. Humans roamed and inhabited the lands. There was variation, different races adapted to different climates due to specific muscular structures, skin color, etc. Some more agile, some stronger, some could hold their breath for longer, shorter, taller, but everyone was human nonetheless. People braved the vast distances of the oceans to foreign lands for trade, innovation, colonization, the general reasons one would expect. The journeys were tough but possible. The result of such was a prosperous period, with materials and technology being traded that seemed to make lives easier overnight every other night. That changed overnight. 

Some merely felt a strange tinge in the backs of their minds, or in old joints or wounds. Some died where they stood or in their sleep. Others still morphed and transformed, some painfully, rejecting the changed coming onto their bodies and minds. Others peacefully, as if they knew deep down that this is what they were always meant to be. Portals opened, corpses burst from the ground and began to walk again, terrorizing the people of the land or mindlessly wandering, seemingly in search of something lost. For months the world was in chaos, and the lack of incoming ships, made everyone believe that the rest of the world was the same. 

Eventually the people learned to utilize their new bodies, and those who were inclined by their new bodies and minds discovered magic, and learned to harness the new found (or possibly just hidden), energies of the world, spreading the knowledge of such. The people who were once merely adapted to their environments became one with them, truly mastering it, and slowly but surely, over hundreds of years, the chaos settled as people became used to their new world. Innovation began once again, technology advanced faster than ever with the abilities and conveniences granted by magic, and innovation branched into both technology and magic. This has caused some conflict over the years, which is superior, more moral. Wars have occurred to try over these debates, though they are never conclusive. 

Experimentation with magic especially began to run rampant, with horrifying and beautiful creations. Liches, mindflayers, beholders, demons, new planes of existence, created and discovered. Gods that people were doubtful of became true without a doubt, granting divine power to those who followed. Perhaps they were hidden away, or perhaps the combined faith of their followers granted them existence. Dragons, fairies, mystical metals, moving plants. It was an explosion of creation and discovery, the dawn of a new and dangerous, yet beautiful world. The Ethereal Dawn, as it came to be known. No one knows what caused it, though many have theorized and attempted to recreate the event on small scales, to no avail.

Eventually, once the chaos settled, the will to leave the land was born again. However just as dragons now roamed the mountains and fairies roamed the forests, impossibly large and horrifying creatures now roamed the seas. A ship that strayed too far from the mainland would be torn apart by massive sets of tentacles, or the sailors would all jump overboard, never surfacing, seemingly enchanted by something below the waves. Sometimes ships the size of galleons were merely swallowed whole by a gaping jaw, the size of the creature impossible to even imagine. It was accepted that crossing the seas was now an impossible task. The magic discovered and the technology developed were too rudimentary to stand a chance against the beasts of the deep. More advances were needed.

1000 years after the beginning of the Ethereal Dawn, those advances have been made. You are going to be among the first to leave Mundus and have a chance at surviving the Savage Seas. Your destination: [[Troika]]. Back when oceanic travel and trade was common, the people from that land were by far the most advanced, if a little odd. There were always those among them that had minor yet strange features when they came. Ears that were particularly pointed, small yet stocky and powerful men and women, ones who seemed particularly in touch with nature. Nowadays they’d be recognized as the features of thaum-folk; elves, dwarves, and such. The goods they brought and the technology they gave were always of the highest quality and the most advanced, though it always seemed like they were holding something back, keeping some secret. Though how much of that is true and how much of it is legend is hard to tell now. 

Regardless, every being, especially those of magical nature and more attuned to magic, feel a pull from the direction the Troikians once sailed from. As if something is calling them. Perhaps the answer to the Ethereal Dawn lies there, at the very least, knowing the legends of the Troikans, they have probably made leaps and bounds in technology and thaumaturgy, and such knowledge would be greatly appreciated. Assuming they’re even alive that is. Perhaps the Ethereal Dawn wiped them all out, after all, no one has heard from Troika since the Dawn, one would think they would be the first to be able to survive the journey across the seas given their previous prominence. Hopefully, you’ll discover the truth.

