
# Divya Hyperborea
A xenophobic Triton and zealot, from an island not far off the south-western coast of Troika. Was exiled from his home due to internal conflict

## Motivation
Is looking for the source of the Ethereal Dawn after hearing about it for the first time on the surface

## Notes and Ideas
- 36 is a significant number (number of brothers adopted and killed)
- Hyperborea is the name of an 

## The Catharsis of Divya
An old book with seaweed pages and shell covers. It smells of iron and salt. The pages stick together and tear apart with a nauseating squelch. Upon opening this book, one realizes that no ink was used to write it, as all of the text is scribed with blood, enchanted such that it stays on the page. 
	The Catharsis are autobiographies that all members of the Golden Sun have to write at some point in their life. They are meant to document the awakenings of those dormant aberrant spirits that have been shown the truth of their race, serving as a lesson for future generations.
	This section of Divya’s Catharsis was written while Divya was still a member of the Golden Sun. The handwriting is orderly and exact:

	> My youngest years are a point of shame for me. For some apparently inexplicable reason, I, like many others in the underwater city of Kalki, was born with tentacles attached to my head. Many years down the line, I would come to learn the true origins of those tentacles, finally becoming proud of them, but in my earliest moments I hated them. They were the source of the distrust and disdain that the other tritons treated me with, and were assumedly the reason why my parents abandoned me when I was a newborn. I can’t know for sure of course as I’ve never had the pleasure of meeting them. 
	> As another wayward and mutated orphan in the city of Kalki, I spent a majority of my time blending into the shadows, doing my best to be accepted into the society which hated me so. I did odd dirty jobs for anyone who was desperate enough to hire a mutant freak to do work for them. Naturally, I was paid less and yet still happy to receive anything. I had no spine. I had no sense of my past, my ancestors, my origins. I could not yet feel their spirits live through me. I spent my time pandering, trying to prove I was not merely a freak. Eventually, I realized that I could not sustain myself on the pittance of coins that my supposed superiors saw fit to bequeath me for my menial labor, and as such I was forced to a life of crime. 
    
My first crime was a simple case of stealing food, but I realized quickly that I was good at it. I was not dextrous or nimble like the other would-be thieves among the orphans in the streets, but I was exceptionally good at talking, and especially good at sounding intelligent.  I took very naturally to a life of crime, strong enough to defend myself, smart enough to not get caught, and charming enough to not get turned in. As with most poor criminals, I lived a lifestyle of degeneracy, usually under the influence of some narcotic and in the company of some new lover. Like so many of our blessed people, I was not given the opportunity to develop into the great aberrant warriors that my ancestors were destined to be. My potential was stunted by fear and ignorance, and as such I gradually came to loathe the society I formerly tried to integrate with. I had no sense of discipline, no pride, no knowledge, only that primal strength I inherited from my ancestors. 
My experiences as a petty thief eventually developed into armed robbery and slaving. I was pure scum in the truest sense, and if someone were to kill me they would likely be doing the world a favor. Alas, it was not so, and eventually I chose my target for the next robbery poorly, attempting to steal some apparently priceless information from a cult called the Golden Sun. Ironically, I had planned to steal the very thing I write now, the Catharsis, personal and detailed accounts of each member's life. Given that the Golden Sun were rumoured to be a terrorist cult, I figured the authorities would give me a reward for the information, and perhaps wash away some of the outstanding warrants for my arrest. As soon as I entered the Golden Sun complex, I slowly began to sense the telepathic prescences around me, and knew they could sense me. As such, I was discovered almost immediately by none other than the Honorable Jherzes Hyperborea, the leader of the cult. He looked at me with a sad and disappointed expression, which cut me deeper than any blade could. I froze, and he spoke to me, telling me that I had been kept in the dark for too long; that I was no mutant but rather one of the chosen people, just as him. As he spoke, the tentacles on his head began to writhe around rhythmically as if hypnotizing me, and gradually my own head tentacles, which had laid dormant and dead for years, came to life and greeted me. Jherzes had awakened the aberrant blood in my spirit and pointed me to a nearby mural of an aboleth, saying that this was my true father, that I was no orphan. He was speaking metaphorically of course, but at the time I took his words at face value and finally felt a sense of family. In the midst of this psychic rebirth, as I was left speechless, Jherzes noted that I still lacked discipline and knowledge, and told me that he had gained both of those things during his time in prison. He told me that for my sake he would turn me in, and that he would expect me to be a new man when I was released. Then, I could join the Golden Sun and finally be worthy of the family denied to me. I was so entranced by his words that I did not notice the screams of my thieving team, and at this point I have outright forgotten their names and faces. That old me died that day, and by all means good riddance to those that enabled him. As the screams echoed, I was humbled, and agreed to Jherzes terms. I told him my old name, the one given to me by the orphanage, and he instead gave me the name Divya. He said if I earned a spot in the Golden Sun, I could take the last name Hyperborea, the ancestral name of the first aboleth who came to the oceans of the prime material. 
I was sentenced to ten years in one of the more brutal prisons on the outskirts of Kalki, called the Reef. The walls of each cell were lined with coral, forcing one to find a way to float suspended in the center or deal with the coarse texture. I was treated poorly, as many of those tritons with head tentacles are, but I was fortunate to find four other prospective members of the Golden Sun who were in similar circumstances to myself. Together, using the prison's extensive library and the knowledge of the older prisoners, we enlightened ourselves on the history of our people and found a sense of discipline, freeing our bodies and minds from vice and learning the value of faith. Eventually, we got a visit from a member of the Golden Sun, who gave us all a book to read: a copy of The Catharsis of Jherzes, in which our Honorable leader outlines the entire history of our people as well as his own inspiring story. We were all floored by reading this tome, and fully dedicated ourselves to the Golden Sun. We even went so far as to practice ancient aberrant blood rituals in private, learning how to harness that ancient rage in our blood by using the blood of others. We soon came to dominate the prison, easily able to overpower most of the other inmates and militantly spreading our newfound knowledge to them. Four prospective Golden Sun members went into the prison and forty came out. 
When Jherzes received us and the thirty-six recruits we had brought to the Golden Sun, he was so impressed with our work that he immediately made us diplomatic representatives of the organization. We were tasked with representing the ideas of the Golden Sun to the triton population of Kalki, enlightening our brothers as to their past and misspelling misconceptions about our group. I had spent much time practicing debating while in prison and as such I shone the brightest out of the four, gradually gaining more and more public recognition, both fame and infamy in equal parts. I found myself intellectually stimulated in debating scholars and politicians from the big city who would normally not look upon a man like me. I felt great pride that I had forced the public to recognize me and spread the truth of our race with great zeal. 
Eventually, Jherzes was so impressed with my performance that he made me his right-hand man, and now I represent the organization in diplomatic encounters. There have been many altercations along the way of course, as those who dislike me tend to strike at me first, so I always keep my trident sharpened even when the weapons being used are words. Over time, I have grown to respect many of those scholars whom I debate, although I ensure to never let my values stray from the values of the Honorable Jherzes Hyperborea. 

As is customary for each Catharsis, I shall henceforth tell the story of our people which has been hidden by those lesser races which fear our true strength and recite the objectives of our organization that will free us all:

> With my blood I scribe the divine words that awakened my spirit.
> With my mind I dream of my divine ancestors. 
> With my heart I beat divine blood. 
> With my tongue I speak divine words. 
> With my eyes I see divine secrets. 
> With my spirit I am divine. 

Divinity began when Hyperborea came to the oceans. An aberration. An alien. What is a god if not a greater being of another world? 

The god Hyperborea conquered the waters. An aboleth adapted to them, with no equal. 

Soon, the cruel surface dwellers enslaved him. They tried to use his blood for themselves, and created from the union the Shen Xin, a mixed breed of mortal and divine blood. They enslaved the Shen Xin as they did their Father, but divinity soon awoke in the new breed and they cast off the chains of the surface, returning to the depths that belonged to their Father. 

In retaliation, the cruel surface dwellers killed Father Hyperborea. All the Shen Xin cried in unison, awakening the minds of our species further, revealing our psionic abilities. We thanked our father for our divine blood and conquered the waters, founding city after city in our image: a mix of the surface and the waters, rightful ruler of both. 

The Holy City of Kalki was founded on the corpse of Hyperborea. Our mental link was strongest there. We flourished as was our destiny. 

However, destinies can be subverted. 

The cruel surface dwellers feared us. We left the land to their rule, giving up what was rightly ours, but still in their greed they were not satisfied. They could not conceive of the mercy of our people. Soon, they betrayed us again. 

The cruel surface dwellers slowly integrated with our people under the pretext of peace. Slowly, they replaced our culture with theirs, our blood with theirs, our beautiful tentacles with hair like them, our cities with cities like theirs. They suppressed the truth of our people for so long that we eventually forgot, believing the false tales told to us by the surface dwellers. 

Now, we lie dormant again, just as the corpse of Hyperborea beneath the Holy City of Kalki does. Our divine blood has been so diluted that we have become something new, a race called triton by the surface dwellers. But still, that divine blood waits, and we can reclaim our rightful rule again. 

Awaken, you mighty race! Accomplish what you will! Reclaim divinity! Cast off chains! 


The Platform of the Golden Sun:

The surface dwellers exploit us culturally, economically, and spiritually. We should have the right to determine our own future as our own sovereign nation, separate from the surface. 
The religions of the surface are used to manipulate the triton. The true religion of the triton lies in the Far Realms. We seek the right to practice our worship of our ancestors. 
The truth behind our culture has been willfully hidden by the cruel surface dwellers who fear our true strength. Those responsible for this crime, including their descendants who now possess their spirits, must be tried in a triton court for their crimes. 
Those who show enough divine Shen Xin blood to have head tentacles are subject to discrimination and mistreatment. We demand special protections and legal recognition for them. 
We reserve the right to one day return to the cities of the surface and stake our divine claim of the land, furthermore taking vengeance by treating cruelty with cruelty. Our Father Hyperborea lies dead beneath our Holy City and his murderers control us still. Perhaps their Father should die as well. 




This section of Divya's Catharsis was written after his exile from the Golden Sun. The handwriting is more chaotic and unsure than before:

I write this remainder of my Catharsis on the surface. The hot sun beats upon my slick skin, drying it for the first time in my life. I shall endeavor to keep with the spirit of the Catharsis and pick up where I left off:

Although I strived to always stay true to Jherzes, for he was the one who awakened my mind and my spirit, in truth I came to doubt him. As I spoke more and more with these intelligent scholars, I began to understand the essence of their arguments better. I spent my free time investigating their work, and gradually I came to question things about the Golden Sun's Platform. Was it truly so desirable to have a separate society, unable to take advantage of the inherent strengths other races had? Was it fair to try the descendants of those who willingly hid our culture? Could we truly take claim over the surface and justify the eventual conquering and slaughter of the people on it? Furthermore, many of Jherzes' beliefs became more extreme over the years, straying from the very document he had created in order to found the movement. He began to advocate for the violent removal of all non-triton and heretical triton. 
I decided that it was in the spirit of my ancestors to think and act independently, so I challenged Jherzes directly, questioning his ideas and all the people I had killed over the years. I believed more in his documents than he did, and he supposedly received them in a dream from the dormant Hyperborea himself. He was a prideful man, and slowly became more and more paranoid as he grew older. He eventually believed that I was planning to betray him and that I had sided with the scholars he sent me to debate. I was formally exiled from the organization. My faith in Jherzes crumbled, and rage overtook me such that I struck him. He was older and growing frail, and I believe I broke his jaw. As he lay back in the water, moaning in pain, I made my escape, fighting my way through the guards who rushed to Jherzes chambers. I killed thirty-six of my brothers that day, the same amount I helped recruit in prison, an apparently prophetic number for me. 
Even though the Golden Sun no longer wanted me, I knew no life without it. I adapted my faith, still praying to Hyperborea and those in the Far Realms. I tried to remain underwater, but I had little experience in the open depths and was nearly killed by roaming sea monsters a multitude of times. The Golden Sun had a presence in each underwater city, and I knew they were likely hunting me down. I resigned to go to the surface, a place only the dishonored walked. 
I sat on the beaches for a time, watching the waves and the world around, getting a sense for it. I was competent in Common from my years debating surface dwelling scholars, but speaking on the surface felt quite different without the water in my lungs, and as such I believe I scared a few locals before I got the hang of it. I learned about the desert I was in, but as I was taking in rumors I caught wind of a massacre in the city of Kalki. I was informed that the Golden Sun attempted a violent takeover of the city, with an apparently enraged Jherzes at the helm. They killed hundreds but were ultimately all defeated. 
Now, I sit alone in the truest sense. I am in a foreign, alien land of strangers, with no home to return to and no friends to speak of, realizing slowly that all I have done has been for naught. I still believe in much of what the Golden Sun advocated for, and can conceive of some alternate reality where it was a force for positive nationalism for the triton, empowering them to be their best selves. Alas, it was not so. 

Hyperborea came to the Prime Material a foreign alien and conquered the sea. I have come to the surface in a similar fashion. Just as Hyperborea himself died, now has his namesake. Still, I know my roots. The Far Realms teach us that there are hidden layers to peel back from any place, and I can feel that those layers are particularly brittle here, deep in my divine unconscious mind. My choices are to fall upon my trident or to push forward, the divine purpose of my life still in mind. I have begun to question much and only time will tell how my beliefs shall change, but I know that my Hyperborean spirit is still awakened. I am still divine, and perhaps that divinity should be put to a new use, a different form of service to my ancestors and all those good men in the Golden Sun who were led to their death by the false prophet Jherzes. 
