Crime on Troika for the most part is something that's handled independently by each settlement, city, and culture. The people below The Knives of God have their own jails and prisons (or at least had them before their fall), the ones above have their traditions of trials, exile, and execution. Goreane operates in it's own lawless and anarchal way. Encephelon has it's own "prison" of magical stasis and crystallization. However, there is one pillar of punishment that is shared across the land. Angband, The Iron Fortress.

Buried in the center of a volcano, at the heart of The Black Brume Mountains, lies an iron fortress turned prison. It is one of the few standing and "accessible" monuments of the ancient civilization, and of all that is known it is also the most terrible. It needs no guards, no order, no security, and no further punishment within or without than that which it itself provides. Even to escape for most means only that your lungs will be turned to ash upon breathing in the heated air outside.
The few who have entered and managed returned have come out broken, speaking of labyrinthian halls, unimaginable horrors of creatures and other broken peoples, and repeated, unending, ever torturous death. The feeling of one's soul leaving their body, only to be viciously ripped apart by an unknown force, crudely patchworked back together, and to awaken somewhere within the structure, changed yet the same. The experience so common and traumatic they've come to know it better than the beating of their own hearts. No one knows the force that causes this, nor does anyone have the desire to find out.

Peoples all over Troika transport their most vile, violent, and irredeemable villains to Angband to be forever forgotten. Others use it to commit evil themselves, threatening those they wish to control with imprisonment and unending torture within.