
# The Thumb
The Thumb is the the south western area of Goreane. It is largely uninhabited. It's far distance from every other civilization on Troika and relative isolation in the Badlands has left it to be a hive of monsters and the poorest of the land. Largely inhabited by criminals in hiding, dangerous monsters, and even rumoured to be haunted by some. In the last year there have been sightings among the locals of a man that appears to wearing his skin as a robe occasionally wandering.
## Notable Locations

### The Ruin Town
The area that was intended to be inhabited. Construction on the town was halted midway through development as the materials ran low, trade became hard as the influx of people and excitement for another sector of Goreane dwindled. There was no support of magicians or or builders who made building of the other sectors relatively quick and painless, though still shoddy. Now the town sits half done and half abandoned. The buildings that were built falling into disrepair, kept standing just barely by desperate beings looking for a place to call home. The buildings that weren't finished are near dust.

> This area sits, in near total darkness. Kept alight only by the dimmest of glows of failing magical lights that has clearly seen no care or maitenence in a long time. As well as the occasional candle or torch, the only indication that beings of some intelligence and will exist here. It is near dead silent, when you're not hearing the occasional mumbling or groaning of those with minds and wills long gone, the skittering of an unseen creature in the darkness, or low rumble of some creature burrowing deep within the walls.
> It smells of must, excrement, death, and decay. From what you can make out of the dim light, or quite clearly for those of you with natural dark sight, this place was not only abandoned, but completely unfinished in the first place. It seems this place was intended to be settled as the others but for whatever reason most of the buildings of left either half finished, scaffolding, or merely foundations. Buildings that were finished have long since become uninhabitable, and seem that they could crumble at the step of a rat.

### Mythic Dawn "Head Quarters"
The home and origin of the Mythic Dawn of Goreane. Founded and led by [[Bik Bok]] who simply came across the town on his search for purpose and rememberance. The location is dangerously close to the head of Goreane which Bik Bok resides in when he is not helping the people. The area is comprised of buildings shoddier than the rest of Goreane, though not in complete disrepair as The Ruin Town is. While the people are usually extremely poor and disfigured, they look to Bik Bok as inspiration and guidance, resulting in peace and a sense of community not found in many other large scale places. The population is about 300 people. It mostly comprises of those who are disfigured, downtrodden, and odd, even beyond the point of other strange Goreane residents. The outcasts of the outcasts, so to speak.

> The narrow and twisting tunnels finally open up into a large underground dome, from above you can see that buildings form concentric rings that converge upon the statue of man, half skeletal and half flesh and muscle. People bustle about and general commotion can be heard.
> Though not as well constructed as the rest of Goreane, if one could say such a thing for anywhere there but The Middle, this area appears to be a marked improvement over where you were just wandering. The buildings, though shoddiely constructed either carved directly into the wall or of the scarce materials found above, show no intention of collapsing anytime soon. It is well lit and somewhat bustling, with people going about there day. Your immediate impression is that there is some sense of community here, with most of the commotion you hear being of a friendly nature and tone. Most of the people here appear to be outcasts, even when considered among the outcasts that make up the most of Goreane. People with limited minds, disconfigured bodies, or those who you reckon simply lost their place in the world.