# The Skull
The center of Goreane, visible almost anywhere and inside the ring of bone lined entrances that form the hand on the surface. The size of it is almost incomprehensibly gargantuan, easily comparable to a mountain of The Knives of God. It features 2 large tusks, half the height if it's head, jutting from the front just below the sand. It features 8 large holes evenly spaced around its head, seemingly being long dead eyes, along with 2 smaller holes that sit just outside the pair of eyes in the front. The hole that one would assume to be a nose towers open as if it were the entrance to a great and sprawling city. And in fact, that is exactly what it appears to be, for upon stepping out of corridor that Bik Bok leads you through you appear suddenly in the center of the city, a long and wide paved road runs from the entrance of the city, fashioned out of the nose of the giant creature whose skill entombs the city, to a large square shaped building in the back, even from distance you can tell that the walls of the building are intricately engraved with various geometric patterns, similar to the grooves that run down the sides of the street.

## Lost Troikan City
This city, as far as you can tell, has no name. It has no populace, save for Bik Bok who is simply squatting here, the death sprites, and the mysterious statues that litter the place. They seem to be of people, going about their day, and consist of various materials impossibly perfectly carved together. Wood, stone, metals, ice, crystals. Disturbingly the statues are also horribly distorted, spaghettied limbs, stretched heads, melded bodies, though there's no sense of panic or pain on any of their faces or bodies. 

The entire city has troughs that run along the sides of the streets, at first glance one might assume them to be some type of water drainage system, though upon closer inspection the bottoms are lined with a silver and gold tinted metal and there are no signs of water ever flowing through them. The channels run into almost every building and they can be followed further to various appliances. Kilns, lanterns, glass panels with intricate carvings on the back. The hcannels converge to the central building at the end of the main pathway and even further into the building they converge upon a rectangular pillar, roughly 3 feet tall with a spherical indentation in its face.



